VASP shared node documentation (#540)
NREL/HPC: docs/Documentation/Applications/vasp.md

#### CPU

There are modules for CPU builds of VASP 5 and VASP 6 each with solvation, transition state tools, and BEEF-vdW functionals. These modules can be loaded with ```module load vasp/<version>```.

!!! tip "Important: Conserving your AUs on Kestrel"

> 	Kestrel nodes have nearly 3x as many cores as Eagle. Our testing has indicated VASP DFT jobs up to 200 atoms run more efficiently on a fraction of a node (see performance notes below). We therefore highly recommend that VASP DFT users check the efficiency of their calculations and consider using the shared partition to get the most out of their allocations. Please see the sample shared job script provided below and the [Shared partition documentation](../Systems/Kestrel/getting_started_kestrel.m#shared-node-partition).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	Kestrel nodes have nearly 3x as many cores as Eagle. Our testing has indicated VASP DFT jobs up to 200 atoms run more efficiently on a fraction of a node (see performance notes below). We therefore highly recommend that VASP DFT users check the efficiency of their calculations and consider using the shared partition to get the most out of their allocations. Please see the sample shared job script provided below and the [Shared partition documentation](../Systems/Kestrel/running.md#shared-node-partition).
```

    srun vasp_std |& tee out
    ```

??? example "Sample job script: Kestrel - Shared (partial) node"

>     As described in detail in the [Shared partition documentation](../Systems/Kestrel/getting_started_kestrel.m#shared-node-partition), when you run on part of a node, you will be charged for the greater of either the fraction of cores (104 total) or of memory (256 GB total) requested. The script below shows how to request 1/4 of a node, but you can freely set `--tasks` and `--mem-per-cpu` as you see fit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    As described in detail in the [Shared partition documentation](../Systems/Kestrel/running.md#shared-node-partition), when you run on part of a node, you will be charged for the greater of either the fraction of cores (104 total) or of memory (256 GB total) requested. The script below shows how to request 1/4 of a node, but you can freely set `--tasks` and `--mem-per-cpu` as you see fit.
```

    ```
    #!/bin/bash
    #SBATCH --nodes=1
    #SBATCH --partition=shared
    #SBATCH --tasks=26 #How many cpus you want
    #SBATCH --mem-per-cpu=2G #Default is 1 GB/core but 2 GB/core is a good starting place
    #SBATCH --time=2:00:00
    #SBATCH --account=<your-account-name>
    #SBATCH --job-name=<your-job-name>

    module load vasp/<version>

    srun vasp_std |& tee out
    ```

??? note "Performance Notes"

>     Internal testing at NREL has indicated that standard VASP DFT calculations from sizes 50-200 atoms run most efficiently on a quarter to a half node. The graph below shows the performance of a 192-atom VASP DFT job using partial nodes on the shared partition. Up to 1/2 a node, near perfect scaling is observed, but using the full node gives a speedup of only 1.5 relative to using 1/2 a node. So, the calculation will cost 50% more AUs if run on a single node compared to a half node. For a 48-atom surface Pt calculation, using the full node gives no speedup relative to using 1/2 a node, so the calculation will cost 100% more AUs if run on a single node compare to half a node. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Internal testing at NREL has indicated that standard VASP DFT calculations from sizes 50-200 atoms run most efficiently on a quarter to a half node. The graph below shows the performance of a 192-atom VASP DFT job using partial nodes on the shared partition. Up to 1/2 a node, near perfect scaling is observed, but using the full node gives a speedup of only 1.5 relative to using 1/2 a node. So, the calculation will cost 50% more AUs if run on a single node compared to a half node. For a 48-atom surface Pt calculation, using the full node gives no speedup relative to using 1/2 a node, so the calculation will cost 100% more AUs if run on a single node compared to half a node. 
```
